'How Does Dogecoin Work' Article (#20)
dogecoinfoundation/dogecoin.com: content/dogepedia/articles/how-does-dogecoin-work.md

  name = "Dogecoin"
+++
 
Magic and memes! (Just kidding. Kind of.) 

First things first: Dogecoin *is* money.  

> Like other popular cryptocurrencies, Dogecoin works by utilising [blockchain technology](https://dogecoin.com/dogepedia/articles/what-is-a-blockchain). Unlike a lot of other popular cryptocurrencies, though, the fees to send Dogecoin are extremely small, and the speed by which Dogecoin transactions are confirmed is relatively fast. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Like other popular cryptocurrencies, Dogecoin works by utilising [blockchain technology](/dogepedia/articles/what-is-a-blockchain). Unlike a lot of other popular cryptocurrencies, though, the fees to send Dogecoin are extremely small, and the speed by which Dogecoin transactions are confirmed is relatively fast.
```

Reviewer: Relative paths.

Author: Great - thanks., MishaBoar!

Simply put, if you would like to send money to someone who is located anywhere in the world — or receive money from someone who is located anywhere in the world — *without* using a centralised bank and paying foreign currency exchange and transfer fees, then Dogecoin can work for you! 

> Furthermore, Dogecoin works by using it to purchase goods and services, and even for tipping people on popular social-media platforms like Reddit. See Community and Ecosystem [link to ‘Community and Ecosystem’ subsection] for more information on how Dogecoin can be used and how it works!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore, Dogecoin works by using it to purchase goods and services, and even for tipping people on popular social-media platforms like Reddit. See [Community and Ecosystem](/dogepedia/#community-and-ecosystem) for more information on how Dogecoin can be used and how it works!
```

Reviewer: This is how to link. I am sending a separate PR to update the index file to include other in-page links.

Author: Ah - gotcha! Thanks!
